CIE-4483 (#894)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/edge/configuration-bundle/configuring-the-hostname.md

---
weight: 10
title: Configuring the hostname
layout: redirect
---

> The default hostname of the Edge appliance is **iot-edge-server**. You can define a unique hostname for your Edge appliance as per your requirements. A unique hostname ensures seamless communication within the network, avoids any hostname conflicts with other network devices and improves the security of your Edge device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default hostname of the Edge appliance is **iot-edge-server**. You can define a unique hostname for your Edge appliance as required. A unique hostname ensures seamless communication within the network, avoids any hostname conflicts with other network devices and improves the security of your Edge device.
```
